So it's perfect. Thank you, Shikita. Hmm. Has your new house. It's good. It's still still growing into it a little bit. You know, got projects all over the place. But overall it's going really good. This is a real background, right? This is something else that up. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, be uh Sorry. I was gonna say the thing that I, um, the software I use to record my podcast doesn't let you put a fake background or do anything to your background. So I kind of had to do something pretty quickly. Good amount of reach in. I'm going to need to get this practice putting up your slide. Like Jody just ran to the restroom, which is going to be back. I'm, I'm here now. Sorry. I'm going to request to raise your hand and then, um, if you want to start Sharing your slides, your one all done. Raise my hand. Yeah. Present. Share screen with room. Mm hmm. higher screen, that one there. Ta-da! Looks good. Awesome. Is there, there's no sound in your presentation, correct? Um, no. Okay. There's not. There's a lot of thinking there, so I was making sure that that stayed the correct answer. Yeah. Um, we're about two minutes from the session start. So if it's okay with you now that you're on the podium and we see your slides, I'll go ahead and allow participants in and then I have your repoles ready to come up. Excellent. And so as those come up, because it's just a slide that's like it's pull time, you have to do something, you like click something so that the results pop up, right? I do, yes. Do I have to stop sharing for that to come up? No, you're not. Okay. Great. It activates it and then you, as soon as I close it, it goes right back to your presentation for them. So, nice and easy. Easy. All right, people should be joining the session momentarily. Awesome. Is this closing out today, Alexandria? There's one more like closing thing after this. Is that right? do a community reflection. Awesome. I was gonna say we have a slightly smaller crowd right now. I know people have been joining internationally. So. Gets a little hard then. Yeah, crazy time zones. Yeah, for sure. Those crazy time zones. All right, well, it looks like we're at the 335 mark if you want to go ahead and get started. We'll head it over to you. Okay, thank you so much, Jody. Hello, everybody. Really excited to be chatting with you today to kind of as the last main session of this first day of the intensive, which is really exciting. I was so excited when ATD approached me to talk about this. We're going to be talking about generative AI specifically in how you can use it to improve video creation. I myself am a person who does a lot of video in my training and I'm coming to rely more and more and I'm really excited about the future of generative AI when it comes to what it can do for video. So I'm excited that you all are sticking with us through the end of today. I'll do a brief introduction of myself and then we're going to get into some polls, some breakout sessions. we're going to do a whole bunch of stuff as we go through. Lots of interaction. Sounds like you've already had a lot of interaction. You're going to just keep on this theme of getting to use a lot of these polls. So for anybody who has never met me before, my name is Matt Jertsen. I am the founder of a company called Better Everyday Studios, where we are a leadership development firm, where we go into companies and and help them build custom, facilitate off-shelf workshops to improve mainly their frontline leaders. I'm also the host of a podcast called the Leadership Launchpad, where really what I'm doing with both better of any studios and the Leadership Launchpad is taking all the lessons learned about leadership from the experiences that I've had with my career and help companies make high-performing teams. So I started off my career as an instructor pilot in the US Air Force for about a decade flying that big plane that you see on the screen, the KC-10. I then went to SpaceX and led the training development team there. And so now that I'm out of my own, it's really interesting the timing of this whole AI boom because it happened just as I went out on my own, which was great for me because now that I'm by myself, it's like, I really got to worry about efficiency. I really got to worry about how can I get the most of multiplying kind of my own efforts and the little efforts that I get from the people that I that I contract with and hired to support me. So it's been a lot of fun to just kind of watch all of this all of this go. So like I said, we use a lot of video in our training mainly in the form of kind of showcasing little scenarios. We rarely make entire long videos, like the whole training is just one long video, but we will use videos to highlight, you know, to introduce a little bit of a topic or introduce, you know, a leadership scenario that people can then, can then comment on. And so for those kinds of situations, those kinds of use cases, I think AI is incredibly effective already, and it's only going to continue to get more effective. So that's, that's my kind of background and what I've been doing. I would love to take a minute right now, maybe you all have have done a bit of this already. I'd love to spend a minute to get to know your experiences first with video and then also with AI specifically. So Jody, if you could launch the first poll question, the question is simply how do you currently use video for training purposes, if at all. And there's kind of, there's kind of a spectrum here from, I don't currently use video all the way through, you know, we kind of use it for everything. So this is awesome. We're getting all kinds of stuff. So a small sliver of you still aren't using video much. And then there's kind of a widespread of using it for a lot of different purposes. Yeah, not a lot, the minority of talking head videos, I think that's expected tons of process, workplace procedure videos. I think that's one of the best ways to use it. Recorded webinars are a big one. Awesome. These are, okay, so this gives us a good sense of how you are using it. Sounds like there's a big, a broad mix of all of these uses. That's awesome. Okay, so then let's go to the second question. What is your personal role in creating these videos? Because I know we have a big mix. So, you know, this again is kind of a spectrum from, You know, you personally create them all the way to, we just purchased stuff off the shelf, because I'd love to see kind of where we're at there. So a bunch of you, so we got like a bunch of you personally are creating them, a bunch of them your team is creating them, which means you're interfacing with it regularly. And then a very small minority for outsourcing, purchasing off the shelf, this is awesome. So this is exactly the kind of crowd that I was hoping for. Sounds like you all have a lot of experience with this kind of stuff. And so I'm sure we will get, you'll get just a lot more experience here today. So this is gonna be perfect for y'all. Excellent. And now let's go to question three. How much are you currently using AI? kind of in general. And you've already answered this question before, but just generally how much are you currently using AI kind of in your processes? So everything from you never touch it all the way to deeply integrated into your work environment. Okay, so we got a minority, you've never touched it. Bunch people use it a few times. I'm, I personally am probably now getting into the daily usage, that's kind of where I'm at here. And then yeah, the deeply integrated with daily work, that's probably aspirational for just about every organization out there. So it makes sense that that would be kind of a minority. Awesome, that's super helpful context for me. And that's great because I think the presentation today, it sounds like is really tailored well for this audience in the sense that the majority of you are at least doing some work with video to quite a bit of work with video. You are doing it yourselves personally or directly with your team. And you have some familiarity with AI tools, which that's perfect because what we're gonna be doing today is we're just going to kind of look at the spectrum of uses in terms of how you can use AI to help with your video creation, have a little bit of a discussion in terms of, how effective or how ready they are for prime time, if you will. And then we will, looking at one of the use cases that is the most ready for prime time, give you a bunch of hands-on experience at your tables, really playing around with all this stuff. So since you're gonna be doing some work at your tables, especially for the whole second half, I would love to take you all to take a minute to introduce yourselves at your table. And so at your table, let me reshare my screen here. Matt, do you mind coming back on the podium real quick? It looks like being down. Yeah, we came down for a second. I think when I put people into their new tables. So, God, okay, perfect. So now I'm on the podium again. I'm sharing my screen again. Let me bring it up really quick. Yep. There we go. And so when you go to your tables, what I want you to do as a way to introduce yourself is to just quickly give name, role, and then what do you most wish AI could do for you? And let's keep it in the realm of video creations. As most of you are in some way interfacing or using video in your training. Think back to how you're using it right now and what is something that if AI could do it, it would make your life a whole lot better. So we're just gonna do, you know, five or 10 minutes to give you a chance to introduce yourselves. And then when you come back, I'd love to ask for some people to raise your hands and give some interesting answers, or if there's any common answers or just most interesting answers. So we can kind of add a level set of, these are the problems that if AI could solve them, it would really make it a lot easier for me to use video in my opinion. Okay, so let's... All right, everyone, I'm going to put you into your tables. So I'm going to click a button called table mode. You are going to kind of have your view redirected to the people that are currently at your table. And you'll be able to talk and we won't be able to hear you in the main room, but you'll be able to talk to each other and you'll be able to hear Matt still. So I'm going to go ahead and turn that mode on. So you should now be able to see and hear your table mates and you could always go back and click on the room share option at the top of the gallery to see the slides and the question prompts. Hey, I'm a table person. All right, everyone, we're gonna start sending you back into the main gallery. One moment and you'll see that you are back in the main room. Thank you. And then, Matt, when you're ready, you'll join the top and everyone who, now that you're back in the main room, go ahead and mute your mic so that we can continue. Yeah, so I jumped into a couple tables and heard a bit of discussion there and there was obviously a bunch coming into the main chat as well. Any I would love it if anybody wants to raise their hand and either share one of the problems that they had or if they if there was some commonalities that came out of out of their discussions as to if you could get AI to solve one problem what would it be to help you with video creation.  Do you want to start with Patricia? Right, can you hear me? We can. Great. One of the things we talked about was we'd love it if AI could do something with the repetitive tasks that we have to do in video creation, like masking customer data. Somebody, I can't remember who it was, but... Somebody talked about that specifically. Yeah. And things along that line. Yeah. Awesome. Yeah. I think that some of those video editing tasks definitely are super helpful. Thank you for that. Jess and then what did you have? One of the common ones that was mentioned at our table was making edits to the video after it's been released like updates and edits like name changes of product or you know screenshots have changed or something like that. Being able to go in and find all of that would be helpful. Yeah yeah or even I think in the in the best case changing what people are set changing like the audio as well. There's nothing worse. I don't know if I'm sure you've run into this where like you said like a product name changes or just there's one term that changes and you have to reshoot the whole video just because when all you want to do is go change that little snip. Awesome. I think those are two really good use cases. Anybody else? It's pretty good. Okay, I'll share my screen again. So I'm gonna question down and join up. Yeah, that's a good one. Yeah, that our group talked about, we wish AI could, well, the technology is getting better and be great if AI could express more human feelings and emotions, make it more real. Yeah, I think that's a good one. Just for everyone, yeah, you've got a real human. Yeah, I like it. I like it. Excellent. Jan, what did you have? Sure. We had a lot of great ones. Some of the things we talked about was a desire to get some good analytics where folks kind of like zoning out or tuning out in the video. And to that end, taking some of those longer videos, being able to segment them into more bite size pieces. maybe even start to as content is being discussed, maybe being able to even link to associated resources or make recommendations about how we can incorporate some interaction or some knowledge checks along the way. I love it, I love it. So some of these, these are all great challenges that people are facing. I think we can all say that we have faced and we are facing when it comes to creating videos. And the neat thing is, is so along with some of the resources that were provided as part of the intensive, I provided kind of a big list of a bunch of different resources out there in tools regarding AI. The challenging part obviously with all things AI is that by the time you write a list of tools, they're all obsolete, or they all have new tools. But with some of these problems, there's already some really good tools out there that can potentially address some of the things that you're mentioning. We'll get into that in a minute. But the first thing that I want to do is just to set the stage, many of you may have already have seen this. But I want to give an example of what the potential may be for the future of video when it comes to AI. Many of you have probably heard of Sora. This is not a product that is available to the masses yet, but this is from OpenAI. And it is their text to video creator. And I just want to show a couple quick examples of it. So what you're going to see is your screens. Yeah. We just want to make sure you share your screen. We interrupted when the questions come up. So we're not seeing it right now. OK, it goes away. OK, I will bring it back up then. So what you're going to see is a series of, you know, texts like this. This is the text prompt that they fed into Sora and then it'll jump to the video. So I'll let this play for a little bit. So a cartoon, kangaroo, disco, dances and what came out of it. is this, you know, so what you, you know, pretty good, pretty life-like, or in terms of what you would expect from a high quality, not life-like, obviously, but from a high quality graphic designer. This is maybe like the cutest thing that you could ever imagine. A couple of the movements clearly look a little funny where their snouts are moving around, but I mean, wow, with all that hair and the snow feels like it's moving really naturally. I think this is a really good example. The one after this, I think this one's one of the better ones. The monkeys in the background look a little funny, but the birds, the water all looks really good. This is a very detailed one. This is, I think, the best one there is. This looks like it could be B-roll shot from a drone, right? Just looks really, really clear. And then the last one, sorry if it's choppy for some folks. The last one is Also pretty good. This is the only one with the video when it pauses when you see it some of the some of the people look a little strange When you're watching if you watch them walk sometimes hands disappear and stuff like that But so again, so this is Sora from OpenAI it is still a test product that you can't get to like researchers and stuff are using it but overall pretty impressive so So the point of what I'm trying to say here, if I can get it to go to the next screen, is it's all over, right? You know, right? Like, we're just going to use AI to create videos in the future and we're never going to have to do anything ever again. That's obviously not the case. Not what any of us really think is going to happen. And I think there's some interesting reasons why though, like, this shot here, I think things like B-roll is gonna be really, really useful in the near term, but in terms of creating entire videos this way, there's clearly gonna be a lot of limitations for quite a while. And most of that around editing it, because the thing is, some of the discussions have really probably gone a lot into how AI is generating all this stuff. And the truth is, is that it's like the AI models themselves don't necessarily have a firm grasp of what the things are that they are creating. And so let's say you loved this portion of the video, you loved everything about it, but you just wanted that little, like it looks kind of like a lighthouse, you just wanted that lighthouse to be like three stories instead of just kind of this one story. And you said, okay, make this exact same video, just make that lighthouse three stories tall. it's going to make an entirely new video and at least in the experimentation that I've done with images, it becomes progressively more difficult to make those small tweaks. And so because it doesn't even know that there is like a lighthouse there, it doesn't understand that that's like a thing that's on there. But anyway, really what we have when it comes to AI and video usages. I think we have a whole range of use cases that are all on different levels of this spectrum. Everything from ready for prime time and still experimental. And this is just purely based on my uses of it, of where I would put things on this spectrum. Like obviously script creation, script editing, that's like really, really ready right now. Like it sounds like a lot of the presentations have already been a bit about you know getting in, working with scripts, working with writing, using the different tools like clod to write things for you. That's something that's totally ready right now. They can really speed up video creation and something that I'm using today. The next level up I would say would be audio editing or even audio creation. Those two things are very different things. I think they're I don't know. I might have been a little bit generous of putting it this close to ready for prime time, but if any of you have used things tools like dscript where the premise or one of the big features that dscript says they offer is that you know you put in a video clip of you an audio clip of you talking and it generates a script and you say I want to change this word in here. As long as it has enough of you in there, enough of your voice as you know an example to pull from, it can change that word and put it in your voice saying that word. So what should come out of it is a seamless way to edit the audio in a video, you know the individual words without reshooting the audio, re-recording the audio or reshooting the video, which is pretty incredible. other tools that are ready today that are being used today are allowing you to shoot a video in English and then they'll automatically change it all to a new language but still in your voice which is pretty incredible. So those are things that, you know, again, some of these tools are in that resource list that I provided. Next level up from that would be the video editing. And these to audio and video editing that kind of interpose back and forth as to how ready they are for prime time. One of the discussion, one of the things that a couple of you mentioned in terms of the challenges that you're facing are things like, you know, taking longer form video and cutting it down into smaller bite size chunks. With my podcast, I've been a big user of something called Opus Clips. And again, there's many tools out there to do this, but Opus Clips is one where where you feed in a long form video and it scans through the whole thing and pulls out individual clips that you can serve up that are one minute long and a minute and a half long. So it can do a lot of that editing for you. Again, in terms of how I've seen it used, sometimes the clips are good, sometimes they're not that good. So that's where it's still maybe a little bit more, it's not fully ready for primetime. There's totally products out there, but not fully ready. Avatar creation is a big one. Tools like Cynthia can make those, which are great for talking head videos, if you can use those. And then things like Sora with the full video creation. And there are actually tools out there now that maybe aren't gonna be giving the best stuff, but theoretically, where you can say, I want a 10 minute video on X topic. And it's gonna generate the script, it's gonna generate the avatar, it's gonna generate images and emojis that are gonna come over, it's gonna do the whole thing. Based on my experience, like that's why it's like still on the still experimental phase, they're not that great yet, but they are available for use and for you to start playing with because they're obviously gonna get better. I love that folks have been sharing all these links in tools that they have used because yeah, HeyGen is a really good one. The Adobe Podcast is a really great one for cleaning up audio. If you have a background noise that you want to remove or just give your audio a little bit of a richer, deeper sound, the audio podcast tool is a really good one. So these are all great tools. So you can all see that there's tons of these out there. There's a big list that's in the resources that we sent out. And there's new ones every single day. Because there's this wide range and because there's a wide range of folks of how you have used it, what I want to focus on for the second half of this session is on this script creation, because I think that's the most ready for prime time. Let me keep going here. I'm going to skip over this one just for the sake of time. And so what I want to do, again, this is going to be a group exercise that you can do that will do at our tables. So we're going to give you about five minutes where we're going to break up to tables again. Hopefully at your tables, at least one of you has access to some AI tool, whether it's Claude or chat, GPT, Gemini, whatever it is. It doesn't matter the tool. And what I want you to do is to ask it to, you can start with this prompt, write a script for a one-minute video on the importance of building trust on a team. That's obviously an extremely rudimentary clips or rudimentary prompt. And please, what I want you to do is maybe start with that, but then please bring in some of the lessons that it sounds like you have already been covered by Josh earlier on of how to make some improvements to that script. Just take five minutes, use one tool from your whole table because you can all work together and generate just like a one-minute script and then we can come back and I'd love to see when you come back, I would love to see what prompt you ended up with and then share kind of what you found or what was the result of your prompt. Okay, so this is the chance for you in real time to take the lessons that you've already learned in this intensive session and put it to use right now. Okay, so Jodi, let's go to the tables. All right, I'm going to go ahead and move you guys to the table mode and Matt, you're currently at a table. So if you want to jump around, you're welcome to or you can move to a table alone. If you want to continue with instructions at the top of the screen. Perfect. Thank you. Okay, now be in your table. Hello. So our task is to create a video script. Do you have access? So they don't want to. Peace. That's this opposite. Yeah, I thought somebody was sharing their screen. And I'm happy to. There we go. Can you see my screen? Sorry, you're trying to share into the main room. Try to share into your table. Yeah, I'm sharing the screen with the table right now. Do you see it now? I'm sure my screen can anyone can you see us? Can you see now? Somebody sharing and then stop sorry guys So we have a group that keeps doing a room share over table, which is interrupting everyone So we're just trying to make sure that you're I'm gonna come into the room. So one one more Hey, Jody, if you can hear me, we can bring everybody back. Okay, we're going to go ahead and bring people back. So thank you everyone. Sounds like that was a bit crazy for some people, but it looks like a few groups were still able to get through it, which is great. Let's see. So Yeah, so we got a couple good ones here. Hey, this you got you got one where you had a bright upbeat music plays the screen shows a diverse group people. I love. I love the thing that I find interesting when I have when I ask um, chat GPT or whatever tool to write a script is that it writes a true script, right? Like it usually gives you ideas for like what could be seen, what the visual could be, what the scenes could be, and all that kind of stuff. And so anybody else want to kind of, anybody else get to a good script, a good prompt in script that they want to share, we'll see if anybody was able to get through it. Craig, what did you all get? Yeah, so my team, we tried to follow the prompts that we learned earlier. So the prompt was act as an instructional designer. Please create a one minute video script on the importance of building trust as a team that video should be a conversation between two C suite executives. And so it describes the opening scene, a modern executive office with a city-state view, two executives, it gives us their name or seated across from each other, engaged in a casual, yet post-focused conversation. And so I actually published it in, I didn't, I'll put it in the, I think I put it in the room chat. So it's in there somewhere. Awesome. How did you, what did you think of what you ended up getting? Any, any initial thoughts of the output? It's been a little hectic, so I haven't really read through it much. Yeah. But yeah, I mean, I think it's great. I mean, obviously we'd probably do a little tweaking, but it's far better than I would have come up with on my own. Yeah, perfect. I think that's great. Okay. Anybody, anybody else have a good example? We would do one more. Maybe we can take the one that's in the chat from Jesus. What was your is from the one that you shared in the chat. What was the prompt that you all used? I'm not sure if I saw that. We didn't get that far. We just did the initial prompt and then we were barely exploring adding a role and in this case we were going to use video producer but then we were pulled back into the main. Okay, and we had a lot of trouble with the sharing. Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. Okay, perfect. So then let's see what we can do. I'm going to pull some up rather than So we're having a little bit of trouble with the full room. Let's see what we can do kind of with me sharing my screen using one of these tools. And see if we can do the next exercise kind of as a group right here. So. What, so that first one, who wants, so I'm using this honestly for the very first time because X just released grok to and yesterday. And so I'm just playing around with it because it's kind of like the newest tool to give it a try. So I'd love for you all to give me what, based on the discussions of what Josh mentioned earlier, what should we put in for a prompt, same kind of thing. One minute video about trust. Put a couple examples inside the chat of what I should put in for the prompt here. Again, a bunch. Okay. First one from Cali. Let's see. Act like a learning architecture and video producer write a video script for an instructional video on. Okay, so let's see if we can take this. play around with it here. We'll see what we get. So we're going to act like a learning architect and video producer, write a video script for an instructional video on. Let's say the importance of building trust on a team. Ensure the scripts are engaging concise in a line. And so this is definitely where we would want to have specific learning objectives. But for conciseness sake, let's kind of trim this down. And I'm going to say, rather than write video script, I'm going to say write the voice over, because I just want to see the voice over. for instructional video on the importance of building trust that is one minute long and intended for a corporate audience. Let's see what this comes up with on here. Again, this just came out yesterday, first time using this. So let's see what it says. Okay, so it's still giving us some scenes, but it's a lot of voice over, most of the voice over script is in here. Let's see. So I think, you know, I said corporate audience. The dynamic world of business, trust is the silent force that powers collaboration, innovation, and success. Already this feels super corporate, which is kind of exactly what we told it to do, which is great. And just if you've never used GROC before, one of the features that it does have is you can turn fun mode on and off. I'm gonna leave it off because I have no idea what it's gonna do if you turn on fun mode. but I think that gets even wilder. So here we have a script. We had a basic thing. Now what I think, because a lot of times maybe since, as you've seen in all of these presentations already, you have to be super careful with how much you trust anything that comes out of AI. I think the last presenter put it perfectly where, I treat these like a new intern or something, where they don't have a lot of context, they're trying their best, but they get a lot of stuff wrong. And so already this has, you know, this is sounding pretty corporate. This is sounding kind of dry. And sometimes maybe you are, so because you're not super trusting of what comes out of the AI, maybe you, if it's a subject that requires a lot of expertise, maybe you wanna start by, you know, having a subject matter expert write a script for you, but then it comes out super dry. And so this is where I think AI can be really helpful in editing scripts. So you take something like this and you say, you wanna, okay, this is all great, but I don't want it to sound as corporatey. So what is, how could I prompt this to maybe change this to, I don't know, make it less corporate or add a little humor? I don't know, what are some things that we could add in, you think? But go ahead and put it in the chat. Use a relaxed tone. Okay, let's see. Let's see what comes out of fleet if I do that. Bye. Want you to region rate that script. but in a more relaxed and informal. formal tone using plain language. Let's see what happens if we do something like that. I'm not going to try on Fun Mode. I don't want to be responsible for what Fun Mode does. Ooh, Gen Z audience, that's a really good one. Okay, so now here it kind of went to the other extreme. Hey there, let's chat about something super important for any team. Trust. Obviously completely different direction in terms of what it in terms of what it said, but I think this starts to give you an idea of one of the best ways that I think, you know, 100% AI is ready to do prime time right now is start a, you know, a little bit of introducing something, you know, you know, giving that first pass of topics, but then even more importantly, playing with the topic, playing with what you wanted to say, giving you ideas of new directions for it to go, right? So yeah, and already people are like, you know, use a Disney tone. I think that would be great. Inspired by Little League Baseball. I think these are, yeah, so let's try that one like write this script for training coaches of little baseball. What comes up there? So yeah, so it does a little bit. Hey, coaches, let's talk about something super important. So the nice thing about here is it's remembering that relaxed tone, but just changing a bit of the language, right? Okay, so quick example, I was hoping to do this in the breakout tables, but that didn't really work out. So that's okay. A few things that are coming up in here. Yeah, I think so Susan, when it suggests visual elements, is there an AI tool that would create the visual elements? 100% and in fact, many of these tools that you're using for this can create the video elements as well. So as an example, right here, let's say, what is this first one? Open shot, a group of kids playing baseball with coaches in the background. Let's take this and go. make an image of a group of kids playing baseball with coach in the background. Let's see what happens there. And many of these tools, you know, chat GPT does this, you know, there's lots of these tools that are able to do that right away. Obviously, this is creating stills. There are ones out there. So this, you could just create a still and you know, add some movement to the camera in the video editing software. So there's a little bit there 100%. Yeah, there's, there's, we're, you know, these, this chat is exactly highlighting all of the things that you need to be careful of when you're doing that. creating moving objects, that's where if you go back to thinking about that spectrum that we have, where you're talking about making video, there are 100% R tools that will do that for you. I think they're still very experimental and not going to be making making a ton of great stuff for you. Okay, so we'll call that a good experiment there. So let's jump back to my screen share really quickly to the slides just so we can finish this out. Thank you for rolling with me since the tables wasn't working quite as we intended. But so if we kind of close out this and then give you time for some questions at the end, hopefully that gave you a really great example of how you can adjust the prompt as you go through to change the script, make it more fun, they get sound like a celebrity, those kinds of things. And to close out, you know, final thoughts, big picture of when I think about using generative AI for creating videos for training purposes. Most of the tools, one first thing to note, most tools over promise initially, you know, the things that they show you are the best that has ever been created using their tools. So just be prepared for that. That's something that actually has been a disappointment for me is that very often there's, I get really excited about a tool and then it doesn't quite perform as much as I wanted to. So just be prepared for that. They eventually get really helpful once you learn the nuances of how to use them. I bet, you know, a lot of that came out from Josh and then experimentation is really the only way to learn. And so getting into these tools, playing around, trying new things is how you learn to use those individual tools, how you can incorporate them into your day-to-day workflow for creating these videos. So hopefully you found that helpful. Kind of to close out, if you found this helpful, I'm gonna stop here for a second and I'm answering questions, but just to give a quick plug, I do have a newsletter that focuses on leadership development and some of these learning development topics. Love for you all to join. Just one email a week, not a huge lift for you. Other than that, I'll stop sharing and I would love to see if there's any other questions that came up out of this. And we kind of closed out there really pretty fast. As regards to what is produced by AI, is there any such issue from ownership perspectives with the, you know, normally you have to get rights and permissions and all of that for pictures. How does it work here? Yeah, Josh kind of just answered that in the chat. There is a lot of gray area. First, in terms of like, there is no gray air in that you cannot copyright this stuff for yourself. So what you create isn't now yours or your company's to own. I think, other than that, at least as far as I'm aware, and anybody else can jump in, I think there's a lot of space where there's a lot of court cases going on right now in terms of what can be what's able to be used. Most of the questions, most of the arguments are around using training data and, you know, some of these early tools that popped up, they just use the internet. They used YouTube. They just trained on all this stuff. And so that's where all these authors have come forward and said, hey, I never gave you the right to use my book for your data. And so the training data that's used is where a lot of this legal trouble has gotten into. I think, at least in terms of what I've seen. A lot of the industry is starting to correct for that and making sure they are training on data that they have clear permission to use and that's going to clarify a lot of things. But yeah, I think there's still a lot of unsolved questions with with this kind of stuff. And Lacey, for what about if your creating images in a license under Adobe Photoshop? I think for any tool that you're using, you're going to want to read the terms and conditions very closely to know that. Because yeah, if you're talking about like generative fill, I'm honestly not sure where that fits in. What other questions do people have? You know, Matt, I don't know if we have time for it, but I would love to know how to if you have any tips on getting consistent imagery. I shared an example earlier in the day where I wanted an image of a referee blowing this whistle and that came out fine eventually. And then I and then I wanted that exact same referee holding his hands up like in a touchdown and it was just a disaster. Yeah. Yeah, I think and that kind of goes to what I was referencing before in terms of where the limitations for a lot of this stuff is because if you think about it. For human beings language is an abstraction of reality. Right, we live in reality, and we use language to describe it. Whereas for these tools, language is the reality. they don't yet know that there is something else underneath it. And so, you know, to use the example from before about, you know, I want to make the lighthouse three stories tall. It just doesn't know that there is a thing called a lighthouse that is an object in there. It just sees this like array of pixels. And so that's where I think we are still pretty limited in our ability to do exactly what you just said. I do think they're getting better and the best thing that I have seen. And if anybody else can prompt this is just the more and more precise you can be, you know, in these prompts. If you've looked up, you know, you can go on YouTube and see some amazing descriptions of how to do really good prompts that include like the type of camera to be used, the settings of that camera, the lighting that's going to be used, the more specific you can get with that kind of stuff, the more consistent the output is going to be. But yeah, I don't yet have figured out a good way to do exactly what you just said because, again, when you say same coach, like, like that phrase doesn't mean anything to the AI at least as far as as I understand. That's not a great answer for you, but thank you nonetheless. Yeah. Yeah, and yeah, to that point that just got shared, there are like so many of these tools. And if you think about it, especially with video, when it comes to all things training related, video is probably going to be at the forefront of all of these tools, because there's such a huge creator market out there, right? If you think of YouTube creators, there's so much money in that game, that there's tons of tools being generated for YouTube creators. And those are the same kind of tools that we can piggyback on the top on the back of for what we're trying to do. And so that's kind of typically where I go to. If you're looking for what if you want to figure out what's the latest and greatest in terms of AI tools for video creation, jump on YouTube and ask there, you know, what are the top 10 tools for YouTubers today? Those kinds of questions will usually get some good videos that are, you know, those videos are constantly being turned out. Obviously, like all videos, some of them aren't that great. But that's how every six months or so I'll jump in and ask a question like that just to get a sense of what's out there. Did I miss anything in the chat? Did I miss any questions in the chat? Matt, I was going to ask you if you have a link to your newsletter that's not a QR code. Simple to have QR code. there can't access them so just want to make sure we have that link if anyone is. I know for this newsletter. Yeah I'll drop that link in there. So yeah please I would love it. I would love love love it if you all let me change this to the room. Here's the link to the newsletter and then also for anybody who hasn't seen me I'm super I'm always on LinkedIn basically every day and so here's a link to my LinkedIn profile if you want to follow me there and chat more there because I'm always, I love talking to people on LinkedIn. So you can find me there too. Cool. Yeah. So hopefully you found this helpful. Obviously, this is still a very big space. There's lots of stuff happening. Yeah, there's there's just the amount of tools that are being created constantly amaze me and so but I do think there's just a wide spectrum of what's ready to go right now, which is definitely anything script related is like ready to go. Anything skit still image create is still image related is pretty ready to go. Audio, editing and creation, there's a lot of good stuff out there. The creation piece can still sound a little weird, but it's pretty good. Video editing in terms of taking longer form videos and cutting out, you know, cutting out all the umbs and the us and cutting out the, you know, and finding great like one minute segments. There's a lot of good tools there. And then the video creation piece, we're still, we're right around the corner, but I'm not using any tools to create full video just yet. Awesome. Well, Jenny, sorry, we may have confused you with a video game. We weren't building actual video games. I'm glad everyone took a chance on this session. Thank you so much. We are going to take a really short brief five minute break before we come back for our last session with the amazing Myra Roldan. She is going to help us reflect and wrap up today. We want to make sure we're building in some of that very important reflection time. Thank you all. Thank you everyone. I want to go out and close our classroom. 